the ATV tracks on the devil bro it's not
Joe it's jo jo Malone studios
you understand this Wendy I'm out here
here and do my run getting ready for
olympics you know I'm just a fasted that
like I said I can't be out ran and ran
and Sarah and etc except and I watching
everybody else running is boring I mean
it's like watching them say their ABCs
back for me on the other hand let it be
known as like zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
I'm just as fast no saying so we're
gonna take it let that be known i'm fast
i speak fast blink last heart beat fast
toenails grow fast see the yummy let's
go ahead and get into
and we're back on kids being mr. pinned
El wedding Quinn data is correct yes is
that what we just want to ask you
questions months ago I write you about
the daily life I'm that you don't mind
if I work at lobby though he cuz I like
to stay in the maximum suprema shape yes
sir all right yeah basically making all
my life is uh Sadie I'm gonna put you on
the fam you know I am I'm just I'm just
says and I can't be out ran yeah I can't
be out ran in R and rear and I can't be
saran wrap the speed is what I do that
is my game huh speed is my game you
understand me and so I wake up in the
morning and I I wake up and I uh uh you
know I would go in bathroom I like going
to bathroom you know I got to keep the
fresh breath in here you don't then
because when i began to run when I begin
to run I give birth in my teeth as of
right now they are white in this line
you know right now they're white hmm and
so uh oh get up in my brush my teeth and
then I go when I change my clothing you
figured out about this traction what's
track I don't know Adam look excellent
listen
yeah I had my shorts on and then then I
could tell you about my size so yeah
these the squirrels and I'm stuck I'm
not sure this is what you were really
referring to about checks chat soon but
he's up if you get a close-up of these
the window wait up air when they're on
window air when they're in these
one-size-fits-all as you can see very
breathable light on the feet we support
snacks food in an arch foot these socks
are representation of the squirrels that
I have called these are squirrels I have
gotten squirrels and I have gotten them
custom made into a so I didn't have
enough squirrels to make two so plenty
of your turn to the track suit I mean
you know just eat the entire outfit I
guess you know I see you this is my skin
your skin this is my this is my actual
skin hmm yeah I was born like this this
is my actual skin us I was born this way
yeah so anyway I wake up in the morning
put on my clothes and you know I come in
and I play a little basketball and one
and one you're showing more click play a
clip of my handles clear your handles to
go around your room a man to because I
just don't get anyone i get there
because i am world-class windale and to
you can pick my dress up at walmart cual
my target or Tasha yeah and then I go in
I hot I lift my window blinds up and I
begin to lift weights because i want the
people out there to see what it takes to
pursue greatness because everybody don't
have what it takes to be great alright
and then I do yoga ok I do yoga yoga
poses pray to the heavens Hodge get good
meditation
indian-style cross and you know man I'm
just I'm just off I go and do my daily
run yeah daily run I do a 30 miles a day
yeah 30 miles a day on mondays
wednesdays and fridays i do i run on my
right leg on Tuesdays Thursdays and
Saturdays I run over my my left leg and
in sundays are for the Lord because he
gave me the speed and to him and I'll be
the praise and glory and honor this how
to do you think that's all we have time
for today alright man you know I yeah I
just wrote some clips of me yet check me
out no say I'm coming around the guard
racing you know racing on the track in
fear because that's what I'll do and I
appreciate your coming up brother
this is what it takes I work in
education let there be no i don't really
like I've just moving faster than me to
see if you want to race look on your
mind
let it be known do what every state and
every city every mountain and at the
valley
heavy heavy church and every strip club
let that be known that wind their way
cannot be all right cuz I ran like the
wind I'm gonna run like the wind and you
ain't never gonna pass wind a hell what
fast until next time is life when Dale
pizap thing Jesus let that be known
through a TV flex on the devil